To import data about all available public toilets in Bulgaria into your map app, you should use APIs that provide global or Europe-wide public restroom data with the ability to filter by location (latitude/longitude or country). Here are the best options based on your requirements and the latest available sources:

1. Available Public Bathrooms API (Zyla API Hub)
Coverage: Global, including Bulgaria.

Features:

Search by latitude and longitude (so you can cover all of Bulgaria by querying relevant coordinates).

Returns detailed info: location, availability, accessibility, amenities, user ratings, and comments.

Data is updated frequently, with over 50,000+ new entries daily.

Designed for easy integration into mapping and navigation apps.

Integration: RESTful API, returns JSON objects for each bathroom, ideal for importing into your map app.

How to use:

Pass latitude and longitude for the area you want to cover.

Parse the JSON response and plot the toilets on your map.

API Documentation: Available through Zyla API Hub.

2. OpenStreetMap (OSM) / MapComplete
Coverage: Global, including Bulgaria.

Features:

Publicly editable map with a dedicated public toilets layer.

Data can be accessed via OSM APIs or Overpass API.

Free and open-source, with a large community keeping it up to date.

Integration:

Use Overpass API to query all nodes/ways/relations tagged with amenity=toilets within Bulgaria’s bounding box.

Data is returned in JSON or XML, suitable for importing into your app.

Example: MapComplete shows a public toilets map powered by OSM.

3. MAPOG GIS Data Bulgaria
Coverage: Bulgaria-specific.

Features:

GIS data includes public toilets, among other amenities.

Integration:

Check if the data is downloadable or accessible via an API.

Import the relevant toilet location data into your app.

API Comparison Table
API Name	Coverage	Data Format	Access Method	Features	Suitable for Bulgaria?
Available Public Bathrooms API	Global	JSON	REST	Location, amenities, ratings, accessibility	Yes
OpenStreetMap (Overpass API)	Global	JSON/XML	REST	Location, community-updated, free/open	Yes
MAPOG GIS Data Bulgaria	Bulgaria	GIS formats	Web/Download	Local amenities, including toilets	Yes
Recommended Approach
For the most comprehensive and up-to-date data, combine OpenStreetMap (via Overpass API) and the Available Public Bathrooms API.

For Bulgaria-specific data, supplement with MAPOG GIS Data if you need local accuracy or additional metadata.

Example: How to Query OSM for Toilets in Bulgaria
text
GET https://overpass-api.de/api/interpreter?data=[out:json];node["amenity"="toilets"](42.2,22.3,44.2,28.6);out;
This query fetches all nodes tagged as toilets within Bulgaria’s approximate bounding box.

How to Use in Replit
Sign up for the API(s) (Zyla API Hub for Available Public Bathrooms, or use OSM Overpass API directly).

Write code in Python (or your preferred language) to fetch data from the API endpoints.

Parse the JSON/XML responses and import the data into your map app’s database or directly plot on your map.

Summary:

Use the Available Public Bathrooms API for a commercial, global, and feature-rich solution.

Use OpenStreetMap/Overpass API for free, open, and community-driven data.

Consider MAPOG GIS Data for Bulgaria-specific datasets.

These APIs will allow you to import and display public toilet locations across Bulgaria in your mapping application.